Modify Release Notes section in Contributing guide (#33162)
elastic/kibana: CONTRIBUTING.md

    * For a deprecated feature, use `release_note:deprecation`.
    * For a breaking change, use `release-breaking:note`.

> To NOT include your changes in the Release Notes, please use lable`non-issue`. PRs with the following lables also won't be included in the Release Notes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To NOT include your changes in the Release Notes, please use label`non-issue`. PRs with the following labels also won't be included in the Release Notes:
```

> `build`, `docs`, `test`, `non-issue`, `jenkins` and `chore`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`build`, `docs`, `test`, `non-issue`, `jenkins` and `chore`.
```
